Docs 4286 fix accessing developer portal info pa (#283)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/access-developer-portal-task.adoc

= Access the Developer Portal
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> As an administrator, you can view API portals if you have the appropriate access. The public https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/apiplatform/anypoint-platform/#/portals[Anypoint Platform developer portal], enables you to automate Anypoint Platform activities.

Reviewer: Could you update the link to this one?
https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/

Author: Done! Thanks!

> You can view an API portal in Anypoint Platform if:

Reviewer: One of the below permissions needs to be true.
Maybe 

> You can view an API portal in Anypoint Platform if either

Does it make sense?

Author: Done! Thanks!

* The portal is listed in the organization's public developer portal
* You are granted Portals Viewer access for a portal 

> To access your organization's Anypoint Platform developer portal:

Reviewer: This step is to go the the portal of one asset. So instead of `To access your organization's` would be `To access an API Instance portal`. *API Manager* > *Administration*, etc...

To access the public portal of an organization:

Go To Exchange > Public Portal (link on the sidebar)

Author: Done! Thanks!

= Access API Instance and Developer Portals
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
 
As an administrator, you can view an API portal: public(https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/[developer portal]) and API instance portal in Anypoint Platform if either of the following conditions exist:

* The portal is listed in the organization's public developer portal.
* The portal is private but you have Portals Viewer access.

== Access a Public Portal 

To access an organization's public portal:

. Navigate to *Exchange* > *Public portal*.
. From the developer portal page, select the asset that you want to access.

== Access API Instance Portal

> //Access a Private [[API Instance?]] Portal

Reviewer: Remove comment

> = Access the Developer Portal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Access Private and Public Developer Portals
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> 

Reviewer 2: Scanning over this topic, I already see some organizational issues:

- This topic is called Access the Developer Portal, but it has subtopics Access (the) API Instance Portal and Access the Public Portal. Do these two portals comprise the Dev. portal? Clarify.

- That said, I think this topic can be a lot shorter and to the point:

1. To access a private portal, you need Portals Viewer access.
2. You can access any public portal.
3. Here is how you access a private portal.
4. Here is how you access a public portal.

> As an administrator, you can view API portals if you have the appropriate access. The public https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/[Anypoint Platform developer portal], enables you to automate Anypoint Platform activities.
>  
> You can view an API portal in Anypoint Platform if one of the below conditions is true:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an administrator, you can view an API portal in Anypoint Platform if either of the following conditions exist:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * The portal is listed in the organization's public developer portal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The portal is public.
```

Author: How would they know where to check if it is public or not. I have to tell them where.

> * You are granted Portals Viewer access for a portal 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The portal is private but you have Portals Viewer access.
```

Reviewer 2: The following subtasks are not presented in the order in which they are introduced; please fix either the intro order or the following order.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> == Access API Instance Portal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Access a Private [[API Instance?]] Portal
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> To access an API instance portal:

Reviewer 2: ditto reword per title

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Go to *API Manager* > *Administration* tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Navigate to *API Manager* and click the *Administration* tab.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Select the API instance that you want to view in the developer portal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select the API instance that you want to access.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. From the top-right corner on the API instance page, click *View API in Exchange*.
+

> The Developer portal for the selected asset is displayed in a new window. You can also share and make the xref:exchange::about-portals.adoc[portal public] in Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The portal for the selected API instance is displayed in a new window. You can also share and make the xref:exchange::about-portals.adoc[portal public] in Anypoint Exchange.
```
Wait, you are allowed to take a private portal and make it public????

Author: Done! Thanks!

> == Access the Public Portal of an Organization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Access a Public Portal
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> To access the public portal of an organization:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access an organization's public portal of:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. Go to *Exchange* > *Public portal*.

> . From the developer portal page, select the asset that you want to access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. From the developer portal page, select the portal that you want to access.
```
GLOBALLY avoid using more than one term to mean one thing: "asset" or "portal" or "instance"?

Author: Asset, portal, instance these are all different things.
